I'm not sweated with gaming target we're
on the road again this week in Montreal
and we're checking out deus ex human
revolution and we're here with Marion
tomorrow the lead writer on deus ex
human revolution
alright it's been seven years since the
last day I sex game can you tell me
where this game fits into the storyline
and how it's better than first-person
shooters out there currently this game
takes place actually 25 years before the
first game it's not really a prequel
it's just taking place in the universe
25 years earlier with the new story and
new characters deus ex is a an action
RPG and it's based on the four pillars
of gameplay combat stealth hacking and
social gameplay and what's different
about it is that you at all times in the
game get to decide which of those you're
going to use in order to make your
objectives there's always plenty of
possibilities to get to your objective
and when you're faced with a challenge
it's really up to you and your play
style to determine how am I going to
overcome these challenges I'm going to
use my augmentations am I going to use
my guns am I going to sneak around and I
going to talk my way out of this
situation am I going to open up new
possibilities through hacking so it's
really at all times depending on how you
want to play it and story-wise it does
the same thing one of those is talking
your way through situations and you
called it the social everything's about
the social these days we have various
levels of social you can go around you
can talk to any character who's not an
enemy because of course the enemies are
just going to shoot you but you can go
around and talk to everyone and some of
them will give you tidbits a story or
characters and things sometimes you'll
encounter situations where you get to
actually direct the conversation a bit
more you get to make the choices of how
you want to respond what information you
want to find out and then we have what
we call these social boss fights you'll
encounter a character who can help you
get to your objective but they need to
be convinced so you actually have to
read the psychology of this character
read the body language and kind of get a
sense of his personality and really
figure out your attack strategy it's
less about playing I want to be a jerk
to this guy as much as it is what is
going to convince this guy to give me
what I want you have this cyber punk
theme because it's set in the
not-too-distant future but you also
holcomb back to this Renaissance era can
you tell me how that factors into the
theme
thematically the Renaissance plays in
because the renaissance in our history
was a time of great scientific discovery
and invention and it was also a time
when a lot of people were saying this
kind of invention and scientific
discovery is not something we should be
pursuing its kind of anti God etc and
here we are now to in 20 27 in our game
and we are at a time when mankind is
using technology and the scientific
innovations to really fundamentally
change their own biology to give
themselves added abilities mechanical
augmentations or cybernetics and so
we're at a crossroads again in which we
are learning how to be more than human
and yet at the same time we have
elements within the society who are
saying wait a second we haven't explored
these things the way we should we don't
know the psychological effects we don't
know all these things should we be
playing God so there's a nice parallel
between 20-27 and the Renaissance and
there's a really cool color scheme can
you tell us about that the color scheme
that we're largely going with is black
and gold and that even ties into a bit
of the whole cyber Renaissance idea
because we are dealing at a time when
society is at a moment of
destabilization potentially the black of
course represents that fall into the
darkness and the gold represents those
moments of wisdom and lights
thematically that plays into alright can
you tell us about Adam Jensen and what
kind of character he is you're playing
Adam Jensen and he is a mechanically
enhanced or cybernetically enhanced
security specialist who is working as
the top security guy at one of America's
most innovative biotechnology firms
these are the companies that make these
augmentations and at the beginning of
the story he is not enhanced himself but
his company gets attacked and he is
almost killed in the attack and after
that he saved through these mechanical
tations and he wants to discover how
this happened who did it and why and
that need to find those answers and to
make sure no one steals choices from him
drives him to uncover a very very deep
mystery
it's not the end of the world
but you can see it through here